sui-core: add address balances design docs (#26532)
MystenLabs/sui: crates/sui-core/src/accumulators/design_docs/data_model.md

  are valid for the transaction's assigned accumulator version. At that point a latest-state read
  would be unsafe: storage may already include later settlements that this transaction was not
  allowed to rely on.

That is also why the implementation is careful about *when* it attempts such reads. If checkpoint
progress advances far enough while a historical read is in flight, the old version can become
prune-eligible. The code therefore "dances" around the root version and checkpoint progress to
make sure it is reading inside a window where the target historical version is still guaranteed to
exist.

The rest of this design directory is largely about keeping those two questions from being
accidentally conflated.

## 5. Object-owned virtual balances

The same machinery supports balances owned by *another object* rather than an address. The
`AccumulatorKey { owner }` field is a `SuiAddress`, but a Move object's UID encodes as an address
too, so the same dynamic-field structure works. The differences are operational, not structural:

- An object-owned balance is mutated by Move code that has access to that object. Therefore the

>   withdrawal *amount* is decided at runtime, inside the Move VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  withdrawal *amount* is decided at runtime, inside the PTB.
```
